[FIX] mail: move subdomain DNS setup from website to inbound mail doc (#18187)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/configuration/domain_names.rst

Use a subdomain
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Create a dedicated subdomain (for example, ``mail.mydomain.com``) to route incoming emails
directly to your Odoo database via DNS records.

> For more information, see :ref:`DNS records<dns_record_setup>` for inbound email routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a dedicated subdomain (for example, ``mail.mydomain.com``) to :ref:`route incoming emails
directly to your Odoo database via DNS records <dns_record_setup>`.
```

Use a subdomain
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Create a dedicated subdomain (for example, `mail.mydomain.com`) to route incoming emails
directly to your Odoo database via DNS records.

.. seealso::
   :ref:`Configure DNS records for subdomains <dns_record_setup>`

> 

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't we want a :doc: refer rather than a .. seealso:: ?

Seems more visible to me
